Added RN for Hazelcast Operator 5.3 (#38)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

= 5.3 Release Notes

> In this release, we have introduced Map Custom Resource and external storage support for Backup & Restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we introduced a xref:map-configuration.adoc[Custom Resource for Hazelcast maps] as well as support for xref:backup-restore.adoc[backing up map data to cloud storage].
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, Jake!  But our goal is to automate the documentation process in the nearest future and in case of adding the links into a summary it will be difficult to automate this process. That's why we left the summary without any reference to documents. So what do you think if we leave it as it is? Or we can release 5.3 with xref links but the upcoming release will be without these xref tags.

Reviewer: I think let's include the links for this release. We can think about how to deal with future releases together.

Automated release notes would be a great improvement to our process. Are we taking pull request titles/commits and using those as release notes? if so, we'll need to make sure we have a style guide for commit messages so that the release notes are consistent.

== New features

> * Add Map CR (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/195[#195])

Author: Thanks. I will change it 👍

* Set HotBackup to failed when Hazelcast CR does not exist (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/222[#222])
* Make `resources` and `scheduling` fields updatable for Hazelcast and MC CRs (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/227[#227])
* Improve client to cluster connection check (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/209[#209])
* Add GS and Azure support for backup and restore (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/230[#230])
* Upgrade Hazelcast and MC versions to 5.1.2 and 5.1.3 (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/241[#241])

== Fixed Issues

* Fix the problem where the LoadBalancer hostname is present but not resolvable by
the clients. Wait for DNS to resolve AWS ELB hostnames (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/169[#169])
* Fix wrong duration unit usage in client connectionStrategy, use correct
seconds (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/174[#174])
* Set HotBackup status to the failure when HotBackup fails (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/198[#198])

> * Fix evictionPolicy field name (https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator/pull/210[#210]) (edited)

Author: I'll remove it, thx
